hey guys I'm back with another ROM
installation video for your Samsung
Galaxy s3 from Verizon Wireless first
off what you want to do is download the
rom files onto your computer there will
be a link down below in the description
go ahead and download it onto your
computer the rom files it's synergy ok
and then go ahead and connect your
microUSB to your Samsung Galaxy s3
alright and then upload the synergy ROM
files onto unto the SD card of your
phone ok make sure you you put it in a
folder that you'll remember for instance
I created this ROM folder and that's
where I put my roms for my galaxy s3
alright next thing you need to do is get
going to recovery ok go into recovery if
you guys want to know how to go on to
recover the this way the easy recovery
application which is available on the
Google Play Store go ahead and click on
another link on the description down
below I'll provide you guys with the
with the video I made a few few days ago
on how to do this anyways okay so go
ahead and reboot into recovery
okay next thing you need to do is
because this is a long developed off of
stock you don't really have to wipe
data/factory reset' or wipe cache
partition so go ahead and just click on
install zip from sdcard and I'll keep in
mind volume up and down to scroll up and
down power button to select okay you're
gonna click on choose zip from sdcard
and then go to whatever folder it is
that you have your rom files in and then
click on synergy yes install synergy
real quick guys have big things to team
synergy for developing this rom
and then just go ahead and give it a few
minutes for it to install so as you can
see right there that's who the ROM was
developed by
if you guys have any other suggestions
as to watch what kind of videos you guys
want me to do feel free to leave it in a
comment in the description or better yet
if you guys can send me a private
message I would really appreciate that
also if you guys like this video make
sure you guys help me out and you know
share this with your friends on Twitter
Facebook and Google+ get the word out
there we go
now when your phone boots up for the
first time it will take a little longer
so please be patient all right and the
install has been complete okay so then
just go ahead and reboot system now
power button to select
okay like I said please be patient takes
a little while in the first boot
I almost there 221 222
you'll feel the rumble when you feel
that Rumble off easily it's about to be
done
and there you go we're on this synergy
ROM all right so that's it for right now
guys stay tuned I'll make another video
on reviewing the synergy wrong okay like
I said earlier guys please make sure
that you subscribe and share this with
your friends on Twitter Facebook and
Google+ I'd really appreciate that
thanks guys